Update README with GA verbiage (#247)
googleapis/gax-php: README.md

This library follows [Semantic Versioning][].

> gax-php is considered GA (generally available). As such, it will not introduce backwards-incompatible changes in any minor or patch releases. We will address issues and requests with the highest priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is considered GA (generally available). As such, it will not introduce backwards-incompatible changes in any minor or patch releases. We will address issues and requests with the highest priority.
```
